Hello! How's my favorite girl in the world hey? baby who's Who's the girl that I love the girl that i'll do anything i'll wash her feet with my mouth after a ten-mile run I would
I would you? How are you honey? Oh, i'm doing good I miss, you finish you, too.
That was my favorite girl. Thank you guys, See: Okay,
Are you guys having fun? Yes, i'm so glad what are you going into per mode? Oh, gosh!
We kept missing. You Huh! I know after a while today, it's been a long time so long, I know you missed like all the drama here.
No drama. Yeah, there was such drama. that was drama, and there were suspense.
And then there was relief, and then there was ecstasy.
Well, i'm not the ecstasy of sorts Well, yeah, the reason I have. I kind of I wasn't inclined to call you because I just wanted to give you enjoy your time.
Yeah, you know like I felt like, you know so that's I like there were a couple of times I wanted to call you, and I did it for that reason.
Yeah, Well, the thing was I hadn't told you my period is really late, you know, and I guess we would talk, and then we'd hang up.
And then I thought, Oh, gosh, I forgot to tell you that you need to ask you're robbed, Mary.
You haven't had a yet no I mean and it's been so long, and so it's like 8 days late, and I thought i'm sure i'm pregnant i'm positive and I was waiting till you got here
to even try to check. Yeah, and so we went to go get an ept at pregnancy test.
And then we that's why, we're calling you last night you know.
And then, of course, it came out fine so that came on negative Yeah, So that's the relief in the ecstasy.
So you can't be pregnant no I don't know I unless it was a false negative.
But I doubt rare, right right. I think that would be really rare.
So you know what I mean, like can would it come out negative to say you if you were pregnant, and it's early early early stages, like like what a negative you know what i'm saying is It possible you could still be
positive I think there'd be a slight chance of it being a false negative.
But I don't think so because i'm pretty late and I think i'm late enough where I would have like enough of the hormone that the pregnancy test tests for I think I would have enough of that in
my urine that of course it would show up if I had any in there. Yeah, you know. So I I took that as a pretty good sign, honey.
I can even keep you all. listened I know I didn't mean to keep it inside.
I mean I didn't really love me I didn't mean to not tell you at all.
It was just we would hang up the phone then I thought Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention that i'm kind of late, because I didn't think it was a huge deal, but then I guess I wasn't trying.
I think I was in the bit of denial like I wasn't really thinking about it much, you know, because I knew when school got here.
Then I would go get the test. So is that all the drama that was the drama?
And that was the suspense, and that was the relief, and that was the ecstasy.
Really. Oh, honey, little bunny's going through the whole wide spectrum of emotions.
You're doing it without me? solo on this it was so funny last night, like what if it came back positive?
And then that would mean the next time I talked to i'd be telling you that I was pregnant and then I thought Gosh! Portuguese, like I hadn't given you any like you know like I hadn't warned you or
anything, and it would have been such a surprise, totally that Oh, my gosh!
I was even gonna bring the camera into the bathroom to take a picture of the Epp.
Because I thought you know it's like such a momentous occasion like when we came out positive, and then I thought of course, like i'm no, I wouldn't have it or anything but I thought if the slight chance I would have it and
it really became a person someday wouldn't they love to see the photograph of the Ept.
With the positive sign on it, knowing that that was like its first sign of life.
Oh, my God! and that's crazy it's not my idea of a good time right now, and we somewhere down the road.
But right now it kind of makes me sick. I know me, too.
I was very, but it was just thought that went through my head No, that's a very cute thought this talk that up with a very cute.
You know me in cameras? Oh, I know. So how are you?
No team better. What you can do like a self-timer, the self-timer with you right next to it. you know I'm the mom, you know.
Oh, gosh! next to the result, and that could even send it to Ept.
Yeah, for advertising fact. I could send it to you because I have it.
The test right there, anyhow. So how are you outside of that?
Good. good. We had such a nice day it's really beautiful Here it is.
Like 70 degrees and sunny, and we walked around.
We went to a park, and we just talk doctors that in the sun, and we had such a nice day.
We went out for dinner with joy. Oh, what a joy I mean!
Just got back here. Great. So you've been relaxing do you have school.
Yeah. Well, I had to go on Friday. Oh, I see. Yeah.
And I have it on Monday, too, Gotcha when Jill's leaving tomorrow.
She's leaving tomorrow. Guys have been having a good time Such a good time. it's so good to see her staying up late.
We stayed up to like 3 30 last night.
What are you guys doing? Talking or something is talking, just talking.
We have a lot to catch up on. I know I know. just kidding.
What have you been up to? Nothing Nothing just homework Yeah, I just played basketball at Maine Beach. I and I just talked to this Asian guy who's 26 years old, and you're very sweet guy just moved
to like, you know, and we just we just got hit one of those conversations where you talk about everything like real political and everything from Norm.
Norm Norm Nixon as a basketball player it's a norm instead of like present, all right from Nixon to like Rush Limbaugh to a portion.
The capital pishan yeah yeah you know and so funny because he's he's a catholic, and you know like i'd nailed him on the contradiction or he'd like pro capital punishment
but and pro-life as to try to explain that to me how to understand.
Well, he said, he's, pro-capital punishment and pro life right? that's like to me that's like a huge contradiction.
And he said he justified it as well see the those little went to a little embrace.
They don't have a decision They can't make a decision you know. and they're gonna die.
This is what he, U.S.A.: Yeah. And he said that you know people who commit crimes, you know, that calls for the death penalty.
They brought it upon themselves. Wait, Jeff, can you hear me in just a second?
Yeah, Oh, you are okay. Okay, I'll come over where's 2 point she's going next door robbies.
Oh, and you've been clicking again yeah we're gonna go hang out there.
But who we're gonna go hang out next door at Robbies he's having some people.
Oh, Robbie, with the kitty right ravi with the kitty as well.
The my sweeter, my treasure. I put it back in the club like open digging your friends.
Yeah, We set some up on the upfolded up there high.
Yep, we can't talk to both of us going next door budgets shows by
Yeah, she We hung out with Donna and they hit it off, and we went out to dinner with Joy tonight, and she's met everybody. great.
How does how's our state of mind does she seem that piece of herself?
She happy? Oh, yeah, it was really good. Yeah.
Okay, Now tell me the stuff that she doesn't want you? tell me she's gone now's the chance.
Yeah, because you remember you're my girlfriend before you are her friend.
Oh, sweetie, you're gonna spend the rest of your life with me i'm your partner.
I know. there's stuff that she that you will show me 30 go ahead. nothing! Is it?
Let it out. Come on, sweetie, come on on me good girl, you're such a low giggly monster, I talk to you. You just need need to be tuttled.
To be squeezed and caressed and loved. I miss you if you do.
Yeah, no, I Miss you too. No, rob's doing like Rob decided that he just needed a vacation or something he took off for Big Bear.
You're kidding. I had no idea where he was going by himself all by himself, and he found a cabin.
He called me. he found a cabin like overlooking Big Bear Lake, and it's like just the cabin with like 4 beds in it.
But you know, because nobody's up there now so you got it for 55 bucks a night, and he's staying there for a few nights all by himself.
He just wants to be up in the mountain too much to write, and just you know the you know, getting tuned with with the himself.
Did he want you to go with him. Oh, no I couldn't go.
I think he was trying to get a girl to go with him.
So he went from like the romantic sexual. getaway to you know a soul searching bond with nature type of deal right? I hope he's not disappointed. Oh, no, that sounds great.
I mean that sounds no. it reminds me of us, getting away like that.
Just get away. i'd love to you know I was talking to Kara tonight.
I could carry a call and at Michael.
And she was so miserable because She's studying she only has 2 weeks left.
Wow! he's left in. I was just thinking gosh and then she has off, and she's vacation, and Oh, I just sounded so good, would she?
Oh, she must be so excited, though. Well, she sounded really bound actually, just because school is so tough right now.
But yeah, only 2 more weeks that's a fast knuckle school year.
Wow! When did they start? It was really quick. I think like mid august.
Yeah, or maybe maybe is the beginning of August. Maybe the beginning.
Did she ask you about what you thought of my going up no she didn't.
We didn't talk long at all. she had to go like she was in the middle of studying.
Oh, yeah, think she was serious. Yeah, just totally good girl. Yeah.
Oh, I mean I miss you, I miss you too i'm mistaken to the eyes smelling those spies.
I miss you a lot. it's hard when here we talk about you so much.
No, You don't yes, we Do You're just saying No.
Are you search? Wait You really do. We do.
But it makes me miss you more, you know. do you? Do you say any bad things about me?
I. That's a wrong cloud. Crowd give me the highlights the highlight.
Yeah, of what we talk about here. Yeah. Let me think of some good way. convince it down to a minute.
Okay. We said something so funny today, and I thought when said it, it captured you so well, and we both laughed because I think it was just so funny how well we both know. you.
I guess we were talking about. I don't know what came out we were talking about Tv or television shows.
And I mentioned, Yeah, you really, You like to watch Mash?
And she laughed and said, Yeah, can't you just picture Jeff sitting on his couch and watching Mash with some orange juice with ice cubes, and we started laughing in what That's slice of heaven like
little piece of heaven, and we just thought it was so funny because, like it really captured you.
We both know You'd be sitting there with orange juice with ice cube. Only I haven't had ice cubes here since September are you serious. Yeah, because you mean how big the freezer gets
I just don't even bother I just keep it at a high temperature.
I keep it really cool. So it's cold enough for me to So you're absolutely right.
I drink orange juice, but I go through like a carton of orange juice every 2 days, honey.
Steph! Oh, the old lady! it's looked at me you know what I just realized.
She looked at me. she's walking down the stairs she looked at me, and she she didn't see me.
Yeah, I waited her, and she just kept going maybe if there's a reflection or something.
What a body she has it's an incredible art body's gonna do that.
She's evolving, you know like 20 generating degenerate.
Yeah, it's kind of weird, Huh! the whole cycle of life what I fucking trip.
Oh, but I I know you. You get excited about things like this, too.
But did you read in the paper about the planets circulating around other stars?
No what about pairs. you're you're a you're there's proof. So what's the word that goes before irrefutable irrefutable Where I think is Yeah, thank you Okay, what a
good team we are. I could just see myself like flexuring to a bunch of people and like Oh, honey, by the way, what's that word?
That that goes before. beautiful! Oh, yes, yes, yes, thank you very much.
What would I do without her? Well, that's funny yeah honey Wouldn't that be funny like if someone was like staring, and they said they like to say that's my wife here.
She raises her hand. Oh, honey, what were we talking about the other night, you know, wouldn't the whole place just laugh.
Yeah, Okay, I'm talking about it wouldn't the whole place Just laugh. Yeah, I think it's so funny. Okay, anyway. Can I run this fly?
You there's the scientist that came up with earfutable proof that there are. they.
They found 2 planets circulating around, or a farm in the universe outside of our solar system.
Really and so, which like made me think you know like you know how like we've always talked about life being out there, you know, like there has to be, because there's planets evolving around various stars and stuff just like ours and
But see, I never knew that that was just a theory. You know a theory that there were planets going around other stars.
You mean you actually thought that we had seen this before no no actually I didn't. I just I just thought that it was like pretty much factual.
Oh, yeah, not at all. So you know so it's kind of like a leap of faith.
You know that we've always thought that you know I mean like like the scientist who does. can't really prove it like they? they make this leap of faith, you know they just assume right that there were planets and around other
sons right right, just by the sheer numbers, they thought.
Well, what are the chances, you know? If we have billions and millions of stars, then chances are, you know, even if it takes like one in 1,000,000 chance for there to be another planetary system.
Well like, Will we have millions of millions and billions of opportunities to have that happen.
So I think that's the whole thing. like carl Sagan would always go yeah billions and billions like he would say that I think he would say that.
But yeah, so, anyhow, like in what Galaxy like what solar, what what galaxy was this star Santa Barbara?
I'm not sure I don't know the the details but anyway, what it made me think about was the fact that you know how you always This might sound a little silly, but you know how like you like I i'm very
passionate about certain ideas. how and then you're like more scientific or you're more open to other possibilities, just even with people.
But with that like you would like, you would ask like, How do you know?
For sure you know and it's like like I don't know Where was I going with that that And now here it is.
Here's the factual proof and so that can be satisfied.
Yeah, Well, just to show you that, you know, like you can make an assumption, and you can assume something that feels, you know, really correct.
And it turns out to be that way. Sure, some of the time.
Yeah, I feel like Well, if you also felt that I don't know you could feel something that's wouldn't be proved right.
Yeah, but no, but I think it's so exciting honey. I didn't see that in the newspaper.
It's. Okay, sweetie. Oh, it was more exciting when I was thinking about it the other night.
No, it's so exciting I mean I I don't mind no idea about. I mean it's so exciting that I don't even believe you like I think it's that exciting.
Oh, my God they believe me no it's so exciting that I feel like I want to go read it in the newspaper for myself like I can't believe it like how come It's not on the news and I know there aren't like parties now I
don't, and they even they've been studying the 2 planets and their patterns, and how they like they they circle their star, and they think that there's not it can't those planets can't
sustain life. Oh, just from the distance from it know from from their surface the planet's surface can see that Well, it's weird.
They get it from like they pick up heat waves you know and it's Obviously they can't see really see anything. The only way they can tell that the plants are out there.
Like they can tell like the stars are out there just by radio waves. and and you know what that's so incredible, and he weighs that it's unbelievable how man has you know like from this little point in
the whole universe like we've been able to tell so much just with science.
I know in a while, just with oh, that's so incredible Sends me out there. Oh, oh, wow!
That's so exciting honey you're not pregnant.
No, you would convince. Your friends only got convinced the moment before I was waiting for the result.
Like all before that. Well, i'm late, but I don't feel any of the symptoms.
But I got so nervous right when I was taking the test.
I was kind of not treating it taking it that seriously because it's just it's such an unbelievable concept to think that maybe I would be pregnant so I wasn't really believing it and then But
the moment that I did the test, I got so scared that oh, my God!
Like this isn't kidding around like what if I am and it's a distinct possibility and I got so scared like you crying.
No, I don't cry, but was here like shoot it was so scary, and but you know we were watching it, and it didn't turn blue or no, you know so it was you know. Are you sure it would have been mine.
I would have denied it if you you said it was mine.
I was messing around with the repairman her knee Hang me! i'm just kidding love you sure learn a lot about me if that happened. Oh, honey, that would just like ruin your whole idea of who I am it would just like
I just blow up everything that we had. If I I was not cruel, you just refuted it, I said.
No way not taking any responsibility if it's mine then it's your fault for getting pregnant.
Do you think we'd be able to make it through that would you be able to look above that just let that one thing pass.
Yeah, no way. I wouldn't let you well I just want you to get pregnant, so you can see how i'm going to take it.
I love you to support you. the money, great happiness, but a pain in the ass that would be.
I know you know what I think out of anything it would just be that would bother me just like I don't have the time to deal with it, You know, like what it's no pain in the neck we have to be really safe this
summer. Oh, honey, a shirt? Yeah, Yeah, totally it's and what are we going to use? condoms?
Well, well, they're coming out with condoms for women all right.
I would never in a 1,000,000 years expect you to wear something like that, honey.
I swear to God I don't always have contraption ever.
Yeah, I just saw one the other day actually they're strange looking. Wow!
We had a woman, a physician, come and talk to us about all the different kinds of contraception, and to tell us about our U 486.
Is that the job to tell us about that, and nor plant, and the side effects of everything?
And it was so interesting. Yeah, what are you 46 is that going to be implemented?
Well, it's not it's not available here in the United States only in France, England. and yet Sweden let me does that. Are they?
Are there people trying to make it law here? think so? But I just think you know politically, I I know, and it will be for a while such a bummer, such a great you know, That would be so great if people could get that stay away
from those pro-lifers throwing things in them.
I know guys, you know it's really I think i'm gonna go like rescue duel, because she's been there, and she's really doesn't know anybody and you know can honey, you're
choosing You can choose. Oh, i'm so glad you guys are having a good time.
Yeah, Oh, it's so great it's so great Oh, get your hog for me.